---
title: Sign packages with Azure Key Vault
description: This article describes how to sign your app package with a certificate from Azure Key Vault.
ms.date: 09/26/2023
ms.topic: article
keywords: windows 10, msix, uwp, azure key vault, visual studio
---

# Sign packages with Azure Key Vault

In Visual Studio 2022, version 17.8 Preview 2 and later, you can sign UWP and desktop app packages with a certificate from Azure Key Vault. This tool sends your app package digest (hash) to Azure Key Vault for cryptographic signing with your chosen certificate. The signed digest is then returned and attached to your package locally.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This process is secure. The private key of the certificate never leaves Azure Key Vault.

## Prerequisites

- An Azure account. If you do not already have an Azure account, start [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/).
- An Azure Key Vault. For more info, see [Create a Key Vault](/azure/key-vault/secrets/quick-create-portal#create-a-vault).
- A valid package signing certificate imported into Azure Key Vault. The default certificate generated by Azure Key Vault will not work for code signing. For details on how to create a package signing certificate, see [Create a certificate for package signing](../package/create-certificate-package-signing.md).

## Import a certificate to your Key Vault

Adding a certificate to your Key Vault is very simple. In this example, we add a valid UWP code signing certificate called **UwpSigningCert.pfx**.

1. On the Key Vault properties pages, select **Certificates**.
2. Click on **Generate/Import**.
3. On the **Create a certificate** screen, choose the following values:
    - **Method of Certificate Creation**: Import
    - **Certificate Name**: UwpSigningCert
    - **Upload Certificate File**: UwpSigningCert.pfx
    - **Decrypt Certificate**: If your certificate is password-protected, provide it in the **Password** field.
4. Click **Create**.

> [!NOTE]
> This self-signed certificate will not be trusted by Windows unless it has been imported and trusted by an administrator. Keep all of your certificates secure including self-signed certificates.

## Configure the access policies for your Key Vault

You can control who has access to the contents of your Key Vault by using **access policies**. Key Vault access policies grant permissions separately to keys, secrets, and certificates. You can grant a user access only to keys and not to secrets. Access permissions for keys, secrets, and certificates are managed at the vault level. For more information, see [Azure Key Vault security](/azure/key-vault/general/overview-security#identity-and-access-management).

> [!NOTE]
> When you create a Key Vault in an Azure subscription, it is automatically associated with the Azure Active Directory tenant of the subscription. Anyone trying to manage or retrieve content from a Key Vault must be authenticated by Azure AD.

1. On the Key Vault properties pages, select **Access policies**.
2. Select **+ Add Access Policy**.
3. Click on the **Certificate Permissions** dropdown and check the boxes for **Get** and **List** under **Certificate Management Operations**.
4. Click on the **Secret Permissions** dropdown and check the boxes for **Get** and **List** under **Secret Management Operations**.
5. Click on **Select Principal**, search for the user you are granting access to, and click **Select**.
6. Click **Add**.
7. Make sure to save your changes by clicking **Save**.

> [!NOTE]
> Giving users direct access to a key vault is **discouraged**. Ideally, users should be added to an Azure AD group, which is in turn given access to the key vault.

## Select a certificate from your Key Vault in Visual Studio

The **Create App Packages** wizard in Visual Studio enables you to choose the certificate that will be used to sign your app package. You can choose the package signing certificate via Azure Key Vault. You must provide the URI of the Key Vault that contains the certificate, and your Microsoft account authenticated in Visual Studio must have the correct permissions to access it.

1. Open your **UWP application** project or desktop **Windows application packaging project** in Visual Studio.
2. Select **Publish** -> **Package** -> **Create app packages...** to open the **Create App Packages** wizard.
3. On the **Select distribution method** page, select **Sideloading**.
4. On the **Select signing method** page, click **Select from Azure Key Vault...**.
5. After the **Select a certificate from Azure Key Vault** dialog appears, use the account picker to choose the account for which you have configured an access policy.
6. Enter the URI of the Key Vault. The URI can be found on the **Overview** page of the Key Vault and is identified by **DNS Name**.
7. Click the **View Metadata** button.
8. After the certificates have finished loading, select the one you want from the list (for example, **UwpSigningCert**).
9. Click **OK**.

## Decrypt your certificate with a password from Azure Key Vault

If you are using a local password-protected certificate (.pfx) to sign your app package, it can be difficult to manage the password used to decrypt it. When you are importing the certificate in the **Create App Packages** wizard, you will be prompted to manually enter the password. Alternatively, there is an option to choose the password from Azure Key Vault.

1. Open your **UWP application** project or desktop **Windows application packaging project** in Visual Studio.
2. Select **Publish** -> **Package** -> **Create app packages...** to open the **Create App Packages** wizard.
3. On the **Select distribution method** page, select **Sideloading**.
4. On the **Select signing method** page, click **Select From File..**.
5. After the **Certificate is password protected** dialog appears, click **Select Password From Key Vault**.
6. After the **Select a password from Azure Key Vault** dialog appears, use the account picker to choose the account for which you have configured an access policy.
7. Enter the URI of the Key Vault. The URI can be found on the **Overview** page of the Key Vault and is identified by **DNS Name**.
8. Click the **View Metadata** button.
9. After the passwords have finished loading, select the one you want from the list (for example, **UwpSigningCertPassword**).
10. Click **OK**.

## Enable signing in CI/CD scenarios
To enable signing in CI/CD scenarios, you need to configure your pipeline to use the [DefaultAzureCredential](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.identity.defaultazurecredential) to authenticate with Azure Key Vault. The **DefaultAzureCredential** will try to use the identity of the pipeline agent to access the Key Vault, if it has the appropriate permissions. Alternatively, you can specify a service principal or a managed identity to use for authentication.
