### Known Issues
- MSIX Packaging Tool Driver will fail to install if Windows Insider flight ring settings do no match the OS build of the conversion environment. Navigate to Settings, Updates & Security, Windows Insider Program to make sure your Insider preview build settings do not need attention. If you see this message click on the Fix me button to log in again. You might have to go to Windows Update page and check for update before settings change takes effect. Then try to run the tool again to download the MSIX Packaging Tool driver. If you are still hitting issues, try changing your flight ring to Canary or Insider Fast, install the latest Windows updates and try again. 
- Restarting the machine during application installation is not supported. Please ignore the restart request if possible or pass an argument to the installer to not require a restart.
- Setting EnforceMicrosoftStoreVersioningRequirements=true, when using the command line interface, will throw an error, even if the vesrion is set correctly. To work around this issue, use EnforceMicrosoftStoreVersioningRequirements=false in the conversion template file.
- Adding files to MSIX packages in package editor does not add the file to the folder that the user right-clicks. To work around this issue, ensure that the file being added is in the correct classic app location. For example if you want to add a file in the VFS\ProgramFilesx86\MyApp folder, copy the file locally to your C:\Program Files (86)\MyApp location first, then in the package editor right-click Package files, and then click Add file. Browse to the newly copied file, then click Save.

### MSIX Packaging Tool logs
Conversion logs can be found at %localappdata%\packages\Microsoft.MsixPackagingTool_8wekyb3d8bbwe\LocalState\DiagOutputDir\
